【Personal Data and Privacy Policy】
HRC.co.Ltd is committed to the customers' privacy and hopes to establish a long-term trust relationship with customers. In order to implement the protection of customers' personal data, HRC.co.Ltd has set the following personal data protection policies and notices before collecting the data.
1、Reasons for gathering information
The company will only use the personal data you provide for the purpose of establishing customer database, product delivery, financial transactions and authorization, product recommendation and marketing activities, market analysis, sending activity information and product catalogues, and customer service. Your personal data will not be used for purposes other than those mentioned above.

2、Classification of the personal information collected
1. For identifying the individual (C001): name, job title, autobiography, address, mobile phone no. ,email address, etc.
2. For verifying financial information (C002)。Financial institution account number and name, credit card or charge card number, etc.
3. Personal description (C011): Month and year of birth, sex, nationality and residence, etc.
4. Family situation(C021):marriage status ,child status, etc.

3、Period, region, object and method of the use of personal data
1. Period: HRC co,Ltd. will keep your personal data during operation.
2. Region: Your personal data will be used in Taiwan, the location of the company's overseas headquarters and affiliated companies, the location of the company's business outsourcing and cooperation companies, and the location of the business offices of institutions that have business dealings with the company.
3. In the form of documents, electronic media, etc. . The company will notify you of relevant marketing activities and customer service by letter, e-mail, telephone and other communication methods.

4、For the personal data provided , you can inquire or request to view, request for supplement or correction, request to stop collecting, processing or utilizing, request to delete at any time; if you would like to change the information afterwards, please contact our us immediately.

5、To complete a purchase, which may include, but not limited to completing payment and delivery. You should guarantee the information which is filled in the process of ordering is completed, correct, and corresponded with the circumstance. To complete transactions and provide services, our company needs to share your personal information to delivery companies and service satisfaction survey companies. If you are unwilling to provide true, correct and complete personal information, it may result in failure to order products successfully , fail to send products, fail to obtain the latest information and relevant discount notifications.

6、The company abides by the local laws and regulations on customer privacy in Taiwan. The company will properly preserve the personal data provided by customers and try its best to protect the safety of all customers' personal data with legal procedures. If you have any questions about personal data related matters, please contact us and we will deal with it as soon as possible.

You are claiming you have read and accept the content above by pressing the purchase button.